---
title: "Now 1.0.1"
category: now
---
### Being a dad to a 5-month-old
Currently, this is undoubtedly a substantial part of my time. When I am not working, I spend time playing or bouncing my daughter to sleep. My wife and I have a schedule where we flip-flop the person on bath duty. It is incredible to watch my daughter's development. I try to read to her every night. Currently, we are reading [[Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire]].
I have had to figure out how to reschedule some of my activities, such as reading and exercising. Before my daughter, I had a lot more flexibility and control over when I did activities. I took that flexibility for granted and now have short windows where I can still get them in. When I'm not too exhausted, I try to fit them in. Let me tell you, though, that babies work.

### Evolving to full dad with lawn care
It was a couple of months ago when I was looking at our lawn after a mow and was a bit disappointed in how it was looking. I decided I wanted to do something about it. So like most things I went all in. I started watching a ton of YouTube videos on lawn care.
I started getting scientific about tracking how much water the lawn was getting. I did a soil test to see what the soil was lacking in terms of nutrients. I bought a couple of ebooks written by some of the lawn care gurus I liked. I started looking at things like fertilizer, weed spray, and grass seed with a new perspective. I even started mowing more often (1/3 rule).
After just a little longer than a month I am very pleased with the results. I plan on keeping up with this as it is a therapeutic activity.

### Learning to use GitHub
I have started to get into writing more python scripts and apps. Along with my large archive of SQL scripts (sitting in google drive) I have a lot of code sitting around in various places without any version history. I also wanted to start sharing some of my work with others. So I decided it was time to start figuring out GitHub. Since this site uses GitHub pages I already knew how to use Git to a certain extent. I know how to use Git from the command line but I wanted a more GUI like way of tracking my repositories. So I decided to spends some money on GitKraken. So far I have really enjoyed the GitKraken interface and the ease with which I can commit and push my updates.

### Building out my site and digital garden
I have had this site for quite a while and have very slowly been building it out. However I have recently had a renewed peak in interest and activity so I have been trying to flesh out the site and my digital garden a lot more. It is still a bit of a slow process but I am trying to devote a little bit of time to it each day.

### Building a flask app for checking loan rules in an ILS
This has been a fun activity that I have been working on during my innovation time at work. If you are interested in more information check out [[Marmot Utilities]].

## Test of a change in Working copy
